# Kellanova
Over our time as a CMSE (Computational Mathematics, Science, and Engineering) 495 group, we want to accomplish the three major goals set forth in the course. First and foremost is to advance our professional skillset associated with working in a professional setting. Timely communication, equitable commitment and exceptional organization are at the forefront of our goals for the remainder of our time. Adding to this, the next goal of improving our overall network and networking techniques. Working with many faculty members and sponsors is an important part of the success of this project, something we intend to use as a learning and development tool along the way. Bringing all these together leads us to the third goal of developing our skills associated with working in a professional project environment. Being punctual and prepared for community meetings is a great first step towards achieving this. Taking descriptive and essential notes from meetings, as well as preparing the necessary meeting agenda with any respective questions contributes to these professional skills as well.  

To begin with some context, Kellanova is an international company based out of Chicago, Illinois that specializes in snacks and general foods. Once known as Kellogg, they recently in quarter four of 2023 split into two divisions, one being WK Kellogg Co. and the other being Kellanova. Our project at hand involves the Kellanova division, primarily the impact that sales have on the company's success and sales. Data was collected and provided to us, including financial information, product information and overall consumer sales information. It is up to us to break this data down into a useful synopsis, and potentially create a model for predicting trends in this data.  

Our major question within this project is whether there are any trends within the data set, and if so, can this be predicted using a model? To take it a step further, there is the possibility of creating a geographic information system (GIS) to model this data. This involves mapping the financial and customer information provided, and creating a model that incorporates the location of the store in question. This is a much more complicated and advanced model than the initial iteration will be and is definitely phase two of the project. Our initial phase one will be to break down the data, clean the associated data sets and then analyze and model it. These models and analytical tools have yet to be determined but will be clarified and more readily understood as the project progresses and meetings occur.  

Project Plan Presentation Video:
https://michiganstate.sharepoint.com/:v:/r/sites/Section_SS24-CMSE-495-001-224214134-EL-32-A26-Kellanova/Shared%20Documents/Kellanova/Recordings_for_Project_Video/CMSE%20495%20Project%20Video%201.mp4?csf=1&web=1&e=d6mwkV&nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifX0%3D


Minimum Viable Product Video:
https://michiganstate.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/Section_SS24-CMSE-495-001-224214134-EL-32-A26-Kellanova/EQzO7keJgUVMgv4zXSB0bNIBT8WlI54UY0pjXVSwsurjZQ?email=keith.wikle%40kellanova.com
